oh wait wait what that's
nuts
i feel like i'm just more confused now
let's take a look at how they achieve
such a high level of
quality thanks to bose for sponsoring
this video stick around to find out
about the bose headphone 700
hey guys welcome back to another episode
of visual effects artist react we are
here once again in the studio during the
pandemic socially isolated and distance
also can i just quickly point out that
we are watching this stuff on the tv
that's broken way over there freaking
west dude broke the two years
it's only gotten worse also this is
extra proof that even behind the camera
everyone's staying safe all right you
guys are you guys ready to watch these
clips yes ryan i'm ready let's dive in
all right first clip let's see it
so his dark materials is a show that
just came out on hbo it's based on the
golden compass series by philip pullman
every person in this world has a demon
which is an animal companion it's
another human soul that's manifested in
an animal there's a whole bunch of
magical fantasy rules around all this
it's like pokemon basically so in this
universe everybody has a pokemon but the
crazy thing is they decided to go with
the the cg animal route for this hbo
series and there's not a single moment
in the show where the cg falters for the
animals they look good 100 of the time
it's one thing for like a tv show to try
to do cg sometimes look good sometimes
it doesn't in this case hbo just knocked
it out of the park i think they've
learned a lot of lessons from game of
thrones in terms of how good your vfx
can look and they kind of want this to
be their next game of thrones
so her demon hasn't settled yet just
shape-shifted into a new animal
you see like the monkey grab the table
there is he grabbed the cat really yeah
whoop whoa it slips a little bit like
you see it you know shift yeah they're
really interacting with their
environment there
the rendering's good the camera works
good the animation is great so i just
want to point a couple things out here
that just really stand out to me for the
quality here first off the shadow of the
monkey on the carpet so there's you know
big area lights off to the side of the
windows and with an area light when the
shadow's right next to the thing casting
the shadow it'll be sharp and the
further away it gets it gets softer and
they're nailing that look here with a
monkey shadow on the ground and the
other thing that's really really well
done is the the color matching the color
tonality of the cg is matching the
tonality of what they filmed really
really well everything from like the
quality like the light shining off the
fur to like how the colors kind of map
themselves from light to dark across the
scene the warmth and all that kind of
stuff it just looks great and that
transition that more from animal to
animal is also really well done it
doesn't read as fake like even get the
like momentum transfer of like the
ferret morphing into the cat so we can
marvel at how well done these animals
are but let's take a look at how they
achieved such a high level of quality
and in the end they decided that on the
day we'd have a series of puppets oh
wait wait what oh okay okay i see i see
it's so cool so those puppets are really
interesting because they're not exactly
there for photographic reference maybe
the heads are but the bodies are not
they're there for animation reference so
they're they're they've got like
exaggerated discs on them so that you
can clearly see the orientation of
different limbs and you know dealing
with child actors like here here's a
little companion to act against and look
at surely they're doing a plate without
any of that in there right i mean oh i'm
sure i'm sure the first the first one is
just for reference and they just do it
again without it when you're filming
live action plates that you're then
going to be dropping vfx onto you're
locked in to what you film oh you know
somebody's walking and they're looking
down they're talking to the creature
you'd easily get a shot where you
accidentally frame the creature out
because you're you're up a little bit
too much you're looking in the wrong
spot and so when you're going to be
adding a cg object it's kind of a risky
move so in this case having a puppet on
set to act it out and to get your shot
first with that puppet it makes sure a
double make sure that your shot is going
to work with the cg on top of giving you
great animation reference and acting
reference for them to practice their
rhythms and their beats and all that
kind of stuff and the crazy thing is
like the show's quality in cg animals
never falters it's always at this level
for all episodes
there we go polar bears wow i mean the
things that stand out to me you can see
the skin underneath the fur like between
the cracks so you can see the dirt you
can see different tonalities to the fur
like there's parts that are brown
there's parts that are white there's
parts that are muddy like there's parts
that are heavy because they're wet
[Music]
wait i recognize him where do i
recognize him from
he's his cousin
that's no way that's dudley
that's dudley
how is that dudley he grew up wait are
they trying to kill the bear why yeah
but they're just shooting in the armor
you're just pulling a leo dicaprio right
now yeah honestly this looks as good if
not better than the bear from the
revenant i still can't get over that
that's deadly
i mean things that immediately stand out
to me is like the mud treating like the
physics and the fur difference like the
muddy fur moves a little bit different
the other fur like the muscles rippling
underneath the fur yeah anytime you're
doing cg animals or anything it's a
several step process you basically start
with a skeleton and then you simulate
all the muscles and how the muscles move
because that's going to influence how
the skin around those muscles will move
and then that's going to influence how
the hair on the skin is gonna move it's
so many different layers that are all
affected by the previous layer all the
soft body stuff like the lips and the
jowls and stuff moving like that's so
hard to deal with because you can you
can't quite animate it it has to also be
physics simulation the armor not
clipping through the bear i feel like
that is some detail
high-end work yeah totally when you're
doing a hair simulation or a fur
simulation for that matter you don't
have every single hair as something you
can edit in the program you have guide
hairs basically when it comes time to
render that guide here is then kind of
duplicated and then those little
duplicated hairs will blend between
guide hairs so if you have one guide
here here and one guide here here
the little extra hairs are added by the
renderer will be like
[Laughter]
there'll kind of be a transition point
between those guide hairs so you're
doing physics those physics are usually
only applied to the guide hairs and all
the like the filled in hair just follows
those guide hairs here you gotta make
sure that none of those stimulated hairs
are poking through the armor and just
sticking through it you know like look
at the tuft on his left eye there it's
like the tuft is like pushed up against
the armor
that's
nuts did you guys ever watch the golden
compass movie no no and they have the
polar bears in that movie too yeah they
do let's look at the polar bears from
golden compass real quick
wow already it's like this looks like a
ps2 animation
is like the coca-cola bear commercial
they probably have the same company do
you think it was the same people who did
the coca-cola it looks like the same
people that did the coca-cola bears
granted this movie is also 13 years old
now 14 year old effects
they already they move really fast they
move like they're just
little tiny bears the bears are also
just like way more smooth you know
they're way smoother smoother or more
smooth i'm not sure i mean the first
simulation is basically what's come the
farthest i mean obviously the lighting
and the surfaces is important but the
first simulation like letting you have
the clumps and letting you have the
different physics of it and letting you
have the different lengths of hair also
the clear difference right now is that
one is a cg environment and that's a
very real environment yeah yeah so the
budget for this movie was 180 million
dollars in 2007. whoa it's pretty high
yeah it was a very expensive movie even
at the time and yeah the budget for his
dark materials is about seven million
dollars per episode so you know a third
of the budget for this movie for his
dark materials because it's like as
technology gets better it also gets
cheaper it is crazy
how much of a downgrade this is i think
more accurately it's how far we've come
in the last 13 years yeah visual effects
it sounds like i'm just talking crap
about the effects artist and i don't
mean to be it's more yeah like the
rendering technology has come so far
hey
i saw what you just did you hit the
subscribe button thank you
oh boy wait whoa what's he got on his
head he's a telepathic gorilla really i
wish i was a telepathic gorilla
wow wait what
i feel like if you transform into a
scary animal you have to roar into
camera
definitely guaranteed that's gonna
happen
that's pretty good the cg looks really
good actually i don't understand what is
going on here who's the good guy who's
the bad guy here is the shark actually
the good guy no they're both bad guys
but they they got king shark on their
team to help him
so the gorilla was the bad guy he's the
worst bad guy
i feel like i'm just more confused now
the animation's maybe just a little
stiff and the camera works a little
stiff yeah i totally get why like i'm
giving a little bit of pass like for
being a tv show
yeah like he's not obeying for the
gravity at all right now oh i thought
this gorilla was huge yeah this is a
regular scenario
well look at that slow-mo shot breaking
through the ground yeah like this looks
pretty solid being a 100 cg it's
something like good video game cinematic
level
that was so good that was really janky
it was so janky it disappears and
watches no camera shake it's like
yeah they're definitely like running out
of time for motion blur
the freaking like 720p texture on the
gorillas back there the deli set
themselves up for a challenge to also
make it rain all of a sudden
[Music]
i do like the light trails that they
have in the show wait so does this show
just all about someone saying like if i
run fast enough i can fix things i can
make things right if i run fast enough
i'll get it done in a flash
my name is barry allen and i'll get it
done in a flash
it's interesting it's subtle but you can
you can see where the time makes a
difference the rendering technology is
looking good the lighting's looking good
but you can see how the time affects
like the animation and the shot choice
do you guys ever see beast wars oh yeah
i can't help but see optimus primal here
beast wars was on at exactly the time
i'd be eating breakfast every day can we
see some bee stores real quick just for
comparison
yes look at these words
[Music]
because they landed on earth millions of
years ago and then the the things
scanned fossils in the ground and that's
what they became velociraptors and
gorillas we're talking about beast wars
this is a beast wars i've got freaking
rat trap here this is what class is all
about call me rat trap it's rat trap
oh wow
across the galaxy it has come to this
optimus primal
face to face his face look at his face
it was like permanently fixed like that
oh my god have you anything to say
i'd say that's prime dude
you look so high what is going on dude
hello paulie joe
rogan n and dimethyltryptamine which is
the active ingredient in ayahuasca dude
his nostrils are just bowls two small
bowls they don't go in
[Applause]
imagine that coming after you
imagine
no shadows no motion blur here's the
thing when you don't have shadows it's
really tough to show volume and form
don't forget this show had a very small
team working on it and it was an
entirely animated show
oh his robot parts are being exposed
yeah get him
this is just like that scene from king
kong where do you think they got the
idea for king kong
let's go oh boys
the spider's like entire face deformed
so that i could look different
directions
yeah this is like what mid 90s late 90s
yeah i will say like fourth time the cg
is excellent like the animation is here
the spirit like the storytelling the
character it's doing the job it has to
do and it doesn't look that bad look how
expressive they are that rhinoceros was
disappointed and sad and i could read it
in his rhinoceros eyes i can't believe
we actually started talking about beast
wars on this show
well that was a pretty fun scene to
watch maybe a little jank here and there
but you know what we wouldn't have had
that scene if it weren't for your guys's
great suggestions so please leave a
comment below as to what scenes you
would like us to react to next
no i can't hear you
no i'm not coming home no not right now
because it's crazy over there hey listen
are you trying to work from home and you
got kids screaming and you got neighbors
mowing their lawn and you got
mother-in-laws trying to talk to you in
a language that you don't understand
well that's what it's like being at my
house so i came here to the studio and i
gotta say that this brand integration
could not have come at a better time the
bose headphone 700 have arrived here and
they've pretty much saved my life
because with these headphones i can
cancel the noise around me you can put
these on and they're just picking up
your voice and not picking up everything
around you and that's a good thing when
i'm trying to get work done here i can
cancel the honey what do you want for
dinner daddy can you open this play-doh
not only do these headphones have
superior noise cancelling but they also
come with superior quality and four
microphones which help isolate your
voice and cancel out the noises around
you so when i'm surrounded by my
annoying family i'm going to be able to
focus on the symphony of beautiful sound
coming out of these headphones another
thing that comes in handy when you're
surrounded by crazy people at your house
is touch controls now with the touch of
my hand i can easily take calls end
calls and i have the other hand free to
like hold on to kids or like help carry
something or reach up high and get
something because that's what i do i'm
just a ladder
that's all i am
and if all those designs and features
weren't enough for you these headphones
also come standard with connectivity to
all your favorite voice assistants now i
know what you're thinking jake i don't
believe you because everything you say
is a brand integration on this channel
well that might be true but check out
what these other guys from the studio
have to say about it they're the best
noise canceling headphones i've
personally ever used when you need to
dive in and have laser focus for an edit
this is exactly what you want my
favorite part about the bose headphone
700 model is the microphone quality
since we're working at home these days a
lot of us are talking through phone
calls and video chats it helps those
calls running smoothly and my voice
coming through crystal clear i used to
use the wired bose noise canceling
headphones which were great but the new
700 model has even better sound quality
and the noise cancelling really helps me
focus wow
i think i can go home now but before i
go head on over to bose dot live
corridor crew to find out more about
these awesome headphones seriously if
you guys are working professionals
working from home right now these are
going to be some essential tools that
are going to help you out quite a bit so
huge thanks to bose for sponsoring this
video remember that's bose.life core or
crew or just click the link in the
description below
[Music]
honey i'm coming home
thank you for watching everyone these
are crazy times we will continue to try
and record these as safely as we can
we've officially run out of our backlogs
so we're now doing these it's important
in these times to still have some fun
while being responsible obviously so if
you haven't left a comment already
please do but also please hit that like
button on these videos it helps more
people see them and expand our horizons
we'll see you guys in the next one